chore: add AnonymousAllowed annotation to login view (#1733)
vaadin/docs: articles/security/enabling-security.adoc

== Log-in View

Having a log-in view is a basic requirement of many authentication and authorization mechanisms, in order to be able to redirect anonymous users to that page before giving access to view any protected resources.

> Log-in view should always be accessible by anonymous users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log-in view should always be accessible by anonymous users.

```

The most important configuration in the above example is the call to  [methodname]`setLoginView(http, LoginView.class)` inside the first configure method.
This is how the view-based access control mechanism knows where to redirect  users when they attempt to navigate to a protected view.

> Log-in view should always be accessible by anonymous users, so it should have the [annotationname]`@AnonymousAllowed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The log-in view should always be accessible by anonymous users, so it should have the [annotationname]`@AnonymousAllowed` annotation.

```

> This is specially important if using the [methodname]`setLoginView` variant providing the route path, although this signature is meant to be used with Hilla views, not with Flow views. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially important when using the variant of the [methodname]`setLoginView` method where you provide the route path (although this signature is meant to be used with https://hilla.dev[Hilla] views, not with Flow views).

```
